Enable online registration (#40)
aloftdata/hirad.science: pages/irac-2026.md

## Registration

> Due to overwhelming interest we have reached full capacity for the rooms reserved. Registration for in-person participation is therefore closed. Registering for online participation is still possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to overwhelming interest we have reached full capacity for the rooms reserved. Registration for in-person participation is therefore closed. Registration for online participation in the form of a live stream is still possible.
```
